you're stranded on a tiny uninhabited
island
you have no radio cell phone or any
other means of communication
the island also has no trees to make a
smoke signal
on the second day there you notice a
helicopter circling in the sky and
searching for you
it's flying too high for the pilots to
spot you
how can you attract their attention
[Music]
pick up some stones and use them to
write sos on the sand
mila parked her car near her house came
in
and returned in five minutes carrying a
bucket of water
then she poured this water on the
sidewalk and ran inside again
why did she do all this
[Music]
the woman wanted to wash her car but
while she was getting the water
the car was stolen
why can't a successful businessman open
the door in his pajamas
because pajamas have no doors
the son of the dentist's father is
talking to the father of the dennis son
and the dentist isn't taking part in the
discussion
can you figure out these family ties
[Music]
the dentist is a woman and the people
who are talking
are her husband and her brother
[Music]
a man is driving along a highway in his
car
after several hours on the road he grows
tired
it's also getting dark he notices a
motel
sign when the driver reaches the place
he sees three buildings
with a wooden door with a silver door
and with a gold one
which door should he open
[Music]
his car door of course
you get into a trap prepared by a mad
professor
he's conducting an experiment and wants
you to dive into one of the four
tanks filled with water but the first
one is packed with venomous snakes
the second contains acid that can eat
even through metal
the water in the third one is swarming
with bacteria
piranhas are swimming in the fourth tank
which tank should you choose to survive
pick the third tank it's the safest of
them all
not all bacteria are bad lots of them
are actually useful
sarah went out one night and left amy
sleeping on the couch
when she returned amy was gone but her
phone was on the couch
the last number dialed was six four four
four
five 5533 sarah suspected three people
who could be behind
amy's disappearance amy's cousin tina
their neighbor mike and amy's brother
luke
when the police showed up they analyzed
the phone number
and found out who was the organizer
you've got
seven seconds to figure it out
[Music]
it was mike amy used the t9
writing keyboard it means she had to
press each number a few times to get the
letter
the numbers make up the word mike
oliver was sailing his yacht when
something went wrong
his ship sank in the middle of the ocean
after swimming for hours
the man woke up on a deserted island
after looking around he saw two men well
it wasn't so deserted was it
they were islanders who wanted to keep
oliver locked in one of the caves on the
island
oliver agreed but asked them to grant
him one last wish
when he told the men what he wanted they
set him free
what was his wish
he said i agree but only the smartest
can lock me there
susie and jason had been married for 10
years
one day susie went on a business trip
she had to stay away from home for two
days
as soon as the woman came back jason
realized something was wrong
the woman hugging him wasn't his wife
how did he know
[Music]
susie always wore her wedding ring and
the woman who pretended to be her didn't
have one
there was no tan line in its place
either
or it really was susie but she came back
after getting a nose job
using her wedding ring to pay for it
could be
katie a private investigator decided to
have a vacation at a ski resort in
france
while she was waiting in the lobby the
hotel manager announced he was looking
for some translators he needed help with
important documents
he wanted people who spoke in different
languages
katie offered to help with the hiring
process
maya said she was living in germany and
knew the german language
rob said he once lived in singapore and
was fluent in mandarin
john said he had spent a decade in
brazil and spoke brazilian
katie immediately told the clerk that
one of the applicants was lying
can you figure out who it was
[Music]
it was john they speak portuguese in
brazil
when they're not talking soccer
a businessman was about to go through a
security check at the airport
when he realized someone had taken his
luggage
the airport police had three suspects
who had to be interviewed
lisa said i wouldn't take someone's old
brown bag
i have my own mike explained he was a
light traveler and didn't have luggage
he put everything in his backpack rob
had a broken arm and a sprained ankle
he could hardly carry anything the
police immediately knew who had done it
can you figure it out
[Music]
it was lisa nobody told her the luggage
was brown
one day the amethyst jewelry store owner
called the police
he reported that somebody had taken all
his expensive diamonds
the detectives knew someone in the town
had been doing it for a while now
they were going to catch this person
red-handed
the stores with the missing jewelry were
alveros antonios aqua rings
amethyst there are five more jewelry
stores in the town
which one's going to be the next
[Music]
arts jewels all the targeted stores
start with the letter a
mrs kim called the school principal to
report someone had taken her students
tests
she added that she had noticed someone
come in
wearing school clothes gloves and a red
mask
this person also had three star tattoos
on their fingers
the principal didn't believe her why
she said the person was wearing gloves
then how did she see
three star tattoos on their fingers
one day a teacher decided to give her
students a test
but all of them refused to take it she
could give detention for skipping the
test
to only one student all of them knew
each other's names
if a student knew they were going to get
detention they agreed to take the test
how could the teacher make all the
students participate
[Music]
she told them that she'd give detention
to the student whose name
came first alphabetically then this
person wouldn't skip the test
the next person on the list wouldn't
skip as well and so on
until the end of the list you find
yourself
in the middle of a forest with three
paths in front of you
one is covered in burning hot coals
another is full of really sharp nails
and the third path is so ice cold that
it feels like antarctica right under
your feet
which path should you choose
pick the third path all that ice is
bound to be gone soon
it's too close to hot coals
a blind man comes into an electronics
store and wants to buy a cell phone
there are lots of gadgets on the shelves
but the man can't see them
and still 10 minutes later he leaves the
store with the very phone model he
wanted
how did he manage it
the man was blind not mute he just asked
a shop assistant to sell him the phone
he was after
john was at home sitting in his chair
with a book
all of a sudden his wife's super
expensive statue
fell and broke in their bedroom he ran
into the room in time to see a stranger
jump out the window and run away
john tried to chase him but his glasses
fogged up because of the coal
that's why he wasn't able to identify
the intruder
when the police arrived they listened to
his story and immediately knew he was
lying
the man made this story up not to admit
he had broken the statue himself
how did they know this
anyone who wears glasses knows that they
don't fog up when you go from a warm
room to the cold outdoors
it's the other way around
let's imagine you don't know what an
elephant looks like
one day you're going on a safari to
watch animals with your friends
one of them points at a rhino and tells
you it's an elephant
the other shows you a hippo and claims
that it's an elephant
who will you believe and why
[Music]
the task was to imagine that you didn't
know what an elephant looked like
not that you didn't know what a hippo
and a rhino are
it means you won't believe either of
your friends
your friend asks you for a favor and
gives you five dollars
asking to buy something to eat something
to drink something to feed his cow with
and something to plant in his garden at
the same time
you're allowed to buy just one thing
what are you going to buy
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it
you can drink it you can feed the cow
with the rinds and as for the watermelon
seeds
you can easily plant them in the garden
lucas
lived in paris but he didn't like the
eiffel tower
so every day he ate his dinner in the
only place where it couldn't be seen
what was this place
[Music]
lucas always had dinner in a cafe at the
base of the tower
an egg has to fall 100 feet but you
can't let it break
you can't slow down its fall or cushion
its landing
how can you do it
drop the egg from a height greater than
100 feet and
it won't break for the first 100 feet
pete called his wife and said he'd be
home by 8.
he arrived at 805 they had no special
plans
but his wife was still angry that he was
late can you guess why she was so mad
[Music]
the answer is pretty simple there are
two eight o'clocks every day
pete should have returned at 8 pm but he
came home at 8 05
a.m the next day no wonder she got so
mad
brendan sat in a coffee shop and found a
fly in his drink
how disgusting he asked the waiter to
bring him another coffee
after receiving the new cup and taking a
sip he became angry
brendan realized that it was the same
cup of coffee he had in the first place
how did he know that it was the same cup
of coffee
it doesn't take a coffee expert to get
this one right the second coffee was
already
sweetened brendan had put sugar in his
first cup
before finding the fly
on saturday morning the bank received a
call that someone took
all the jewelry out of the bank's vault
officer diaz was
on the case and as soon as she walked
into the bank
she asked to see the security cameras
coincidentally they didn't work
and she knew this was an inside job
she turned to the security guard the
cashier and the analyst
and asked them to open their office
drawers
tom the security guard had keys to the
vaults to let visitors in
mark the cashier had a pair of gloves to
handle money
tim the analyst had the master key in
his drawer that opened the vault
because he needed some documents there
immediately the officer knew who did it
can you figure it out
it was the analyst the vault was filled
with jewelry
not documents
it was a rainy sunday morning and jane
who was the prince's housekeeper
walked into his room to clean it there
she realized that the prince was gone
but there was evidence in the room that
something had happened
broken vases spilled drinks and duct
tape on the floor jane called the police
right away
and they began questioning everyone in
the house
the butler said he was cleaning his car
to take the print shopping
james said that as soon as she walked
into the room she called the police
the gardener said that he didn't even go
inside and was watering the plants in
the garden
can you help the police figure it out
it was the gardener it was raining there
was no need to water the plants
[Music]
ethan had an argument with his brother
and decided to go back home
he didn't have a car and took a shortcut
through the park
while walking he fell into a pit ethan
screamed for help but nobody could hear
him
suddenly a portal opened and threw a
slice of pizza in his hands
a weird voice whispered every time you
say
pizza a pizza will fall out of the
porthole
two minutes later ethan was out of the
pit how did he do it
he said pizza so many times that the pit
got filled with them
and he climbed out
an astronaut was about to go on a
spacewalk he needed the ok
from the space center on earth but the
communications were down since 4am that
morning
while waiting for someone to fix the
problem he vanished
someone on the space station knew what
happened but who
harry said that he was in his room
sleeping
nick said that he was reading a book on
his bed
jenna said she was talking to the space
center down on earth
who is lying you have seven seconds to
figure it out
it's jenna their communications were
down since that morning
and nick couldn't get the okay to leave
jack a hired private investigator is
looking for someone who is pretending to
be
poor to get free stuff at the local
coffee shop
but everyone there has similar
accessories and it's hard to figure it
out
can you help
[Music]
it's the lady in the gray suit she holds
car keys in her hands
[Music]